Include info on how to update snapshots (#3646)
elastic/eui: wiki/testing.md

Create test files with the name pattern of `{component name}.test.js` in the same directory which
contains `{component name}.js`.

## Updating snapshots

> If you make changes to a component, you may need to update the component's snapshot in order for the test to succeed. To do so, use `yarn run test-unit -- -u`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you change a component in a way that affects the markup, you will need to update the snapshot in order for the tests to succeed. To do so, run `yarn run test-unit -- -u`. This will update all snapshots in the repo. You can also add `path/to/component_dir` on the end to only update the tests for that directory.
```

> When you change a component in a way that affects the markup, you will need to update the snapshot in order for the tests to succeed. To do so, run `yarn run test-unit -- -u`. This will update all snapshots in the repo. You can also add `path/to/component_dir` on the end to only update the tests for that directory.

Reviewer 2: Small nit, but adding the full path to a directory is unnecessary. It's a simple GREP that allows you type anything that it will then match a string to. I find using the GREP method **way** more helpful because I can do something like `yarn run test-unit -u button` and it will update all components with the name `button` just in case you're unaware of any dependencies.

You also don't need the `--`.

```suggestion
When you change a component in a way that affects the markup, you will need to update the snapshot in order for the tests to succeed. To do so, run `yarn run test-unit -u`. This will update all snapshots in the repo. You can also add any string to the end of the command to run the tests only on directories that contain that string. For examples, `yarn run test-unit -u button` will only update the tests for directories that **contain** `button`.
```
